hello everyone and welcome to the latest
episode of the padreon episode 13. my
name is james i'm nick and today we're
going to be talking about
all things paranormal and spooky because
it's the 13th episode
spooky like it's not even a halloween
episode
so like we're just kind of well no but
you know like aliens ghosts
uh spirits spirits fairies things like
that
um
so i guess we'll start off with the most
obvious which would be
have you had any
other worldly experiences i'm kind of a
bit of a pragmatist when it comes to
like sort of my deconstruction of the
world but like so that's a no no it's
it's a
[Music]
i guess there are rational explanations
for some of the things that i've seen
and witnessed but like
at the same time it's kind of like a i
want to believe situation well we're
just really getting off to a the full
story off the bat like no buildup or
anything um
well yeah it's very much like
i want to believe but i need proof i
think
is how
you're coming at it yeah yeah i'm
willing to take a little bit more on
faith and like i do kind of spiritualize
around like the possibility but like
i have a hard time kind of convincing
myself that something is the case if
there isn't like any
rational evidence for
right um i mean like if i'm in an echo
chamber with a bunch of you know mystics
that might change because i'm very
susceptible to like overempathizing with
people in their life experiences yeah um
and see that's that's the interesting
thing with me is that and i'll get into
this i'll talk about it and tell some
stories
there are
some
kind of creepy paranormal instances
that i've experienced myself and that
have been experienced by direct members
of my family
um very close friend family
and yet i am very
skeptical
about the existence of ghosts and
spirits and things like that whereas
nobody i know has had any kind of
contact with aliens
but i 100 believe that aliens are out
there i'm roughly the same way i i'm
skeptical when it comes to aliens have
visited us
yeah
because the question is why would they
come here
like if they why would they come here
and then disappear why would they come
here and like it depends on the kind of
society that aliens live in but like
either we're in a really inconvenient
part of the galaxy or it's kind of just
a hands-off approach when it comes to
interact with new life because imagine
how we interact with new life and we can
see this
we step on it basically typically um and
that's true fatally and literally like
you know look like look what have
happened to southern pacific islands
when america's industrial revolution
came to a head after the first world war
um didn't like
didn't the world's average temperature
drop because
the american expansionist military
killed so many like murdered so many
islands in the south pacific like just
completely slaughtered the um
i don't know yeah just complete like
going going dark already multiple
genocides yeah like on various islands
in the south pacific that has all sorts
of stuff to do with aliens and ghosts
well just talking about like how would
we
based on how we interact with other with
new things how would aliens interact
with new things
um and like that is to say like well the
question aliens would evolve would have
evolved or kind of developed from like a
kind of vicious animal like chimpanzees
or like whatever monkeys we came before
us like
well that's and my kind of
i guess we're gonna play skeptic and
believer here
um
my kind of thought process on that is
because a part of me is like why would
they come here we're not special like
they've obviously figured out like
faster than light travel if they can
travel you know between galaxies and at
least solar systems yeah um
because like contrary to people believe
we can't observe planets in other solar
systems we don't have telescopes
powerful enough to actually observe
these planets we can only deduce their
existence mathematically and because of
like blots against stars and stuff
um but like
so they're obviously like they would
have to be super advanced to have that
kind of technology
um
and so the question is like well why
would they come here because we're
obviously not advanced it's like
why people looking at ants why would we
alone be worth the trip but but
my kind of theorizing about that is that
it's kind of
checking in on your science experiment
like if you take the ancient aliens kind
of
look into things that you know the
aliens kind of helped society move along
um
that you know the that
things like that and that's kind of
indicative of uh once again going to the
south pacific in the american military
of uh cargo cults that arose in the yeah
yeah yeah uh in the second world war
when america would use indigenous
islands as ammo supplying depots
um and then the american military left
and then to this day the inhabitants of
these islands continued to carry on
um american uh drilling uh rituals yeah
i like drilling practices like they have
their wooden like rifles that they carry
over their shoulders and then kind of
conduct these marches well yeah because
they you know these people showed up and
they became gods to them because they
were bringing
food and supplies and so you know like
yeah and so it's it's like i think it's
the carl's again quote
carl sagan carl sagan any significantly
advanced technologies indistinguishable
from magic yeah um
[Music]
and so it's like
you know were these were the gods like
the whole ancient
ancient ancient atheist ancient alien
hypothesis is
that the gods of mythology were actually
aliens because they had a hat you know
the gods have a habit of coming down
from the sky especially because like we
look at even technology that we're
developing in a modern sense look at the
ipad there are myths of ancient gods
that had stone towers tablets yeah had
scrolls that could access all the
information on the planet yeah and even
some myths about like these great i have
that on my wrist exactly and also even
um uh ancient cultures that look at
these ancient artifacts like mjolnir or
um other sort of or other weapons that
have incredibly specific uses but
require but have this um component of
energy drain like they they lose their
energy after a time and need to go to
someplace else else to recharge them
yeah um and so those components are kind
of there too yeah um
that's like i i don't disbelieve the
ancient aliens theory
um i want to open with that but i i
don't i read through uh chariot of the
gods i think most of it's bs
oh it's mostly you know crazy nonsense
but the the the basic because most of
the book if you've read it is just like
whack-a-doodle stuff yes but the basic
idea
of
the
mythological gods being aliens i feel
like
isn't entirely out of the realm of
possibility yeah because if you know the
aliens show up and it's like this very
primitive species of you know 15 20 000
years ago and they're like you know kind
of here's agriculture here yes so like
was here's how to make a brick was earth
an island halfway between
two
two alien species that were warring with
each other
or was it you know is there just sort of
an alien species out there that's kind
of traveling around and like oh nomadic
sort of thing yeah and kind of like
we've got stuff and you people are sad
and
you have no food and you're die you're
gonna die and we need to give you stuff
the interesting thing about that is that
um all of these uh ancient cultures and
these ancient myths had a kind of
starting point around the era of
mesopotamia um and a lot of other myths
can be derived from that like a lot of
groups written myths anyway like there's
plenty of myths like christianity and um
hebrew mythology is derived from
zoronastro
yeah um
which i'm not sure if that was the
religion of ancient mesopotamia but
which zoryastrianism actually has a god
and a devil and a jesus and it's like
it's all there
um and like when you look into it it's
like wow
that's really
there are a lot of parallels to in
ancient egypt also yeah like a lot of
the stories that kind of propagated
through europe and you know you you can
even go into uh the norse mythology and
there are a lot of parallels between
that and the hellenistic
gods um some even saying that odin was a
direct inspiration from hermes
um i've read some callers read some
scholars right yeah um so like i don't
think it's entirely out of the question
that earth could have been visited by
an alien
body um and that's why people i think
that sometimes you know i think
the you know the ufo sightings and stuff
where we see these odd shapes that move
really fast like faster than anything
we've created can move and things like
that
and it's like oh it's a weather weather
balloons don't move like that yeah um
like that kind of stuff i'm like maybe
they're kind of checking in sort of
thing yeah because
my kind of theory is like if if aliens
ever visited us in ancient times sorry
i'm going to sneeze in half a second so
give me a minute
uh
uh it's coming eventually but i'll keep
talking until it does it starts a
sentence to interrupt himself with a
sneeze
no a prelude to a sneeze uh
the prologue
um
like if aliens didn't visit us uh
as ancient aliens
um if that's not true then i think
settings of ufos if they are aliens
they're most likely probes like in the
same way that we send probes to other
planets to other solar systems um well
we don't send probes to other solar
system we kind of aim them in a general
direction and hope they get i hope they
get there yeah none of them have gotten
there yet or um
so we realized oh wow our solar system's
actually really big yeah um yeah
and so
i i think that those sightings more
about that but then again wouldn't they
be closer to deep space than they would
be here like are alien probes observable
to us um
are are they close enough to be
observable yeah is the question because
like if they are suffix if aliens are
significantly more advanced than us then
they would be able to absorb uh have
observational technology that is
significantly more advanced and could
observe our planet from farther away
observe our planet but i feel like you
know entering the atmosphere to kind of
see what people are doing and one of the
misconceptions that a lot of people have
is that you know it's it's an american
thing
that you know it's it's like you know
baseball or something like that it's
it's
sightings of ufos is just an american
thing it's like no actually it's pretty
global and has been for a very long time
funny story crop mathematic making
mathematic crop circles is kind of a
cultural tradition in the uk yeah like
in farm fields a lot of them just
appeared of nowhere sometimes people
take credit for them sometimes they
don't um
but yeah interesting business another
thing i don't know if you've read this
lately but a earth picked up a very
suspicious satellite frequency from the
center of the galaxy i did read that
yeah um and this is unique in the sense
that these are very specific bursts of
energy uh very powerful bursts of energy
and they are very
it's not as uh random as it is when
they're picking up just random space
radiation so that's interesting and one
of the things that makes me suspicious
about it and and like i don't think
there's a you know the corpse of a gray
man in area 51 or anything like that
like i don't i don't think we have like
gotten some ufos and
and stuff
but like one of the things that does
make me suspicious is that all the ufo
stuff
um
you know it really started to propagate
in the 50s and 60s
when people started to get home movie
cameras like they were eight millimeter
cameras and
people would have them and they're like
there's a thing in the sky
um
is that
the governments of the world universally
said
you're crazy
and
instead of saying
let me look into that it was just you're
nuts yeah go away
go away crazy person
and only recently oddly under the trump
administration they said okay we're
actually going to look into it now under
the biden administration they're saying
like yeah we are actually going to put
some put some dollars into this because
it is kind of suspicious it's us yeah
it's very sus among us uh yeah
um is there an imposter in the human
race
and so it's kind of i find that
suspicious that the governments around
the world were just like nope okay so
weird alternate theory
what if those mysterious things in the
sky or those mysterious sightings what
if they're not aliens
what if
those are like supernatural actual
vehicles of earth gods
like what if we're looking at this from
the wrong angle we're looking at this
from a science fiction angle rather than
the fantasy angle what if all of these
sightings around the world what if
they're not aliens what if it is like
human living myth like human spirits
i mean
what if they're us
like literally us from you know
two thousand years from now time travel
something like that like coming back
yeah like
there it's
you know there's really no telling like
and i don't the other thing i want to
get i don't think anyone's actually been
abducted
um because i feel like aliens if they
have the technology to travel through
basically light speed they have the
technology to figure out what's going on
in us by like scanning that's true
um
what about that town in alaska there's a
specific town in alaska and um mila
jovich was starting a movie
yovovich
oh i'm so sorry mila um i really like
her um she's a peach
seems to be
no i'm just saying talk a bit louder
okay yeah i
um i thought you were telling me to sit
up straight which also probably would
help probably um
anyway yeah there's a specific turn in
alaska that reports more alien
abductions per year than any other place
in america or maybe even the world well
that's alaska it is alaska island
it's palin country can see they can see
russia from their house
[Music]
russia is also another really big place
for like alien sightings i mean russians
i know
but like it's it's
the other interesting thing is that
alien sightings
usually happen
in wide open spaces
you never get abductions happening in
manhattan
yeah so it's kind of like maybe they're
if they're if abductions are happening
they need room to land well also um if
you're an alien in manhattan and and
you're gonna abduct sounds like an 80s
movie alien in manhattan i think it
might have been actually
um i'm thinking of the movie what was my
favorite martian
that was that was a tv show okay
um alien in manhattan like like a
werewolf in london um
like
you're an alien and you want to abduct
someone are you going to go to one of
the most densely populated areas of the
planet where literally millions of
people in a couple square miles could
see your spaceship or you're going to go
to the hicks in montana the stakes in
montana and the other thing that like
that kind of brings to mind is why would
they care
that's my my that's kind of my
philosophy towards alien objections why
do they give a crap yeah like why would
they be like oh we've got to be
secretive about this
we have light speed technology or
intergalactic travel space folding stuff
and these hicks can barely get together
a gun if we're not
and if we're not as advanced as them why
would they be interested in us is the
thing like why would they be so
observational like if we're if they want
us to enter a galactic society they
would do that in a way where they could
control us
um and sort of make sure that we're not
going to you know start any wars with
everyone else in the galaxy um as i'm
sure we would um
yes
make earth great again
[Music]
don't you miss when earth was the center
of the universe
we can make it that way again oh my god
science fiction
science fiction republican wants to
completely destroy the laws of physics
to make the entire universe revolve
around earth i'll remember when illegal
aliens just met mexicans
um
but yeah so the funny thing about mass
effect i i i was a horror one thing that
bothered me the most about mass effect 1
is that there's a bunch of humans that
have recently joined this ancient
galactic civilization that has been
present for hundreds uh thousands if not
tens of thousands of years um where on
their space station capital city calling
everyone else aliens
i was like bioware you can do a bit
better
but yeah i'm always interested
it's weird i i love the concept of the
ancient aliens thing just that it's like
that they're that because
the the super skeptics who are like no
aliens don't exist
you know there's not enough goldilocks
zones blah blah blah you don't know that
first of all it's depressing the idea
that the only life in the galaxy is
earth yeah
like this is it i mean this is as good
as it gets to the skeptics i'd like to
remind you that life on this planet has
been eradicated five separate times like
not just like i don't know it's not
eradicated there's been stuff left
complete eradication life has evolved
from nothing stuff left there's been
those the amoebas well yeah like
single-celled organisms things that
manage to survive when nooks and
crannies like this world has survived
multiple extinction level events and yet
it has bounced back yeah um that that's
reason enough for me to say that you
know on at least five other planets in
the universe that there is life there
i mean i think there's thousands i'm
saying
at least yeah
like because it just it does it
mathematically
when you look at the amount of solar
systems in galaxies
galaxies it's insane well yeah that's
what i mean like the solar systems like
people think the milky way is our solar
system no the milky way is
thousands of solar systems and then
there are thousands of galaxies bigger
than the
milky way hundreds of millions of stars
i didn't realize just how massive this
universe was until i played a game
called elite dangerous and it really
kind of shows you the scope i don't know
it show that game is fantastic i just
love that the the the reference is a
video it's a video game because it makes
the distance in the universe visceral
and even like uh light tr like um
traveling between stars and traveling
within solar systems it's an arduous
journey to do either yeah um and you
need resources to do these things even
in this life speed uh this ftl society
um and just for how distant planets and
solar systems are from each other and
how distant stars are from each other
and how many stars are shoved into this
galaxy yeah like you know like there's
star wars which has light which is lit
the map is literally galaxy spanning
there's an outer room there's an interim
an elite dangerous it's only one pocket
of stars that we're in
um like it's one little tiny little
chunk of the galaxy that's in and all
that has this massive mythology of this
kind of game of thrones political
mythology um taking place around this um
couple hundred thousand stars that we're
inhabiting yeah um and that's really
interesting
yeah so yeah there's a lot of unexplored
space and space
well yeah like
like unexplored visually like they're
out of the night sky there's a teeny
tiny fraction of the amount of stars
that we've actually documented well yeah
and i mean because
you know our telescopes aren't that
powerful
we
can't actually see far away just because
the way that like light moves yeah we
can't see distance because at some point
we're seeing the beginning of the
universe because we can't like
see that far away we haven't seen the
beginning of the universe but no but you
know what i mean we've had telescopes
that have seen farther enough into
distances time and space because
relativity but we've have telescopes
that have been able to see
past the point when stars started to
ignite yeah where it's just blackness
and we don't and i think that was
several hundred billion years and you
know you look up at the night sky and
each one of those stars has planets
and it's like and they're just the stars
that are visible to the naked eye yeah
so it's like i i think you're kind of
crazy to say that there's nothing else
out there yeah that's that's that's
absolutist and there is we don't have
you don't have the evidence to make that
claim yeah i'm sorry you just don't like
i i think it's you know it's very
biblical thinking to think
that
and and kind of
full of yourself
arrogant to say that earth is the only
planet with life yeah on the for the
sake of the the carbon-based light form
on this planet it's arrogance on behalf
of that like yeah especially like
planets that may have you know
non-carbon-based life forms
which you know is possible because i
think in california
we know that there's non-carbon-based
life forms because there's things that
exist in the deep oceans that aren't
carbon based um i think you know there
was an underground lake in california or
arizona where they found amoeba baseline
not amoeba-based life um arsenic yeah a
life based that was built off of arsenic
yeah and i mean in the deep oceans like
that's i feel like that's more alien
than space
yeah we actually have documented less of
the deep ocean than the night sky yeah
um
which just fascinates me because i'm
like oh the megalodon might be down
there which again you've got a lot of
room oh do you want to talk about
sightings there's lots of sightings of
sea monsters and that's been documented
throughout humankind to this day yeah
forever like you know like like we were
convinced that the giant squid and the
colossal squid were not real yeah until
they were yeah uh because you know
sailors talk because sailors are
reputedly historically very unreliable
because you know they see whales and
they think oh sea monster i mean granted
if you've ever seen
right how did not say for what can we
get here
have you ever seen what uh
so when
large whales will sometimes get
erections and those erections will rise
above the surface and they look like sea
monsters oh yeah they look like
tentacles yeah yeah so like it's like
you know like i you saw what you saw but
you were mistaken about what you saw
yeah um and i mean it wasn't that long
ago that we didn't know that sperm
whales existed we thought they were
monsters like we thought they were
biblical leviathans well yeah um sperm
whales world's largest predator yeah
and
then we realized oh
they are a thing and then we started
hunting them for their supremacy
um because that's what we do
um
but like enough about aliens and stuff
let's talk about ghosts ghosts ghosts i
feel like knowing your family there's
some ghost believers in your family
honey
honey not just ghost believe my
grandmother don't get her started she
will go off to on you about
when jesus arrived on this planet he
brought with him a different kind of
energy
um and this that was actually something
i it's this energy had different
vibrations that were completely new to
the human race
she's she's big into um
what's his face
the famous edgar casey edgar cayce he is
huge into edgar cayce a lot of you know
like indian new help like authors deepak
chopra like i don't think deepak
covers anything strictly spiritual but
like
grandma grandmother has been into those
historically she's big into crystals
still to this day yeah a bit more
agnostic
she's she's she's
she is to new age like new age
spirituality um
what a lot of like agnostic catholics
are it's like but like what about like
ghosts
like that's what i'm like ghosts and
spirits and i don't know if my family
would ever qualify them as ghosts as in
like they once belong these are the
spirits of dead people i think that they
believe in like
like pockets of energy that have
consciousness
um i think that's kind of like
paraphrasing from what my family would
sort of describe using that kind of
vibrations and energy sort of discussion
like it's just pockets of energy that
have consciousness
and it can be benevolent or
malicious or anything in between
um
and i actually don't dislike that as a
way of thinking about things yeah um
because like i i i am someone who is
very set i'm very empathic i'm very
sensitive to how people are feeling and
if you'll recall in our last apartment i
was convinced we were haunted by
something oh yeah i had these regularly
occurring nightmares i actually wrote
one down and i wouldn't be surprised if
several people died in that apartment
specifically that apartment yeah um
it
there like there was there's a short
story i wrote on my website uh auntie
hercult.com
uh called the mirrors that is based on a
dream that i had while i was under the
influences of
influence of perfectly legal narcotics
um
it was just weed that's not a narcotic
yeah it is no it's not it's narcotics
yeah narcotics are like
weed's not narcotics okay sure i don't
think anyway i'd think weeds in their
coffee i i took some weed and then i on
my way to sleep i had this half a week
half half a sleep dream
there's this straight i called him the
pig face man i called him the pig face
man because he seemed to have this kind
of melting pig mask on
um
[Music]
and like sometimes i've seen things in
my dreams i'm like okay i'll blow it off
it's just nothing
this thing it it felt like it had a
presence it was very malicious very
batman villain
yeah
um it it just
and it kind of that's when i started
buying incense because i was like i i
started talking to my friends in the uk
and i just get rid of the bad judge i
was like hey you're kind of witchy tell
me what i need to do to get rid of this
and he's like well the easiest thing to
do is just buy some incense and see if
it goes away after that it did it worked
um maybe it was the placebo effect i
don't know yeah um i'm sad i can't smoke
incense anymore here because i like the
way it smells because it's kind of spicy
in the air
um
but yeah and like i i haven't seen that
figure here i've seen in dreams and kind
of like half asleep dreams like other
things here but i haven't really felt
particularly threatened by them yeah in
the way that like this thing i can't
describe it it was like it's like will
describing the the mind player like the
the kind of oh yeah just kind of yeah
the goosebumps on your back is like you
felt something was there yeah um and i i
don't remember if you remember this like
i i complained about it for a while like
even when i wasn't like strictly asleep
like i was like there is something here
yeah um and then it went away and then
it came back after i stopped burning
incense for a while maybe it was the bed
bugs i wasn't unless that's the other
thing i'm like you know like i want to
believe but at the same time i'm willing
to recognize that i was under a lot of
pressure in that place i was i was just
uh i was in school we had two rounds of
bed bugs cockroaches yeah uh floods so
like i was not in a good place
emotionally that was at the end though
like i remember you saying like i feel
like there's like a presence here long
before then oh interesting
um but like i have in in my family have
direct experience with
weird goings-on spiritual goings-on kind
of stuff like me personally
when i was very very little like i'm
talking like two and three
um i would tell
everyone
that would listen to me anytime i got
near a body of water
that i drowned in a past life
you know a three-year-old saying that is
like
what is he talking about a past life
what are you letting him watch um
i i know what you were watching when you
were younger not two or three two or
three i couldn't get through fern gully
uh you need to watch that but like my
parents were always like oh that's a
little weird but you know it's whatever
and
so it would always say no i i drowned in
a past life and
it was just kind of like a running joke
for a while
and then we were at this graveyard
that's near a um
historic site on the island i grew up on
and it's
this very old graveyard like hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of years old
and just walking around it was like a
sunday might and we were just like out
for a drive
um
and i found this really old gravestone
and i called to my mom and i said mom
come here it's my grave
and i think i might have been like four
or five at this point probably four
so my mother kind of rolled her eyes and
came over
and saw
and it was james the last name gone
lost at sea
she freaked out ran back to the car and
was like never coming back here and this
is before you never you learned how to
read
oh no i know how to read okay
um
but like i
i mean like yeah i knew how to read when
i was about three or four like the first
name was james somebody was just saying
like look it's the name is james this is
where this is where i am
it was the lost at sea stuff and the
birthday
what was the birthday uh or the death
day the death day was my birthday oh
um
and it was the newest grave in this very
old graveyard
um because the graveyard was now only
used for people who died in this area
and so the fact that
my birthday was the death day was what
freaked my mother out wow um
[Music]
the other really
kind of close connection well there's
two other ones
um
is when my aunt was a teenager you know
she was like bad kid she would like go
do stuff and everything um
and she and a group of friends were
planning a trip
for
the weekend they were going up to the
the woods for camping
and on thursday night
she
woke up in the middle of the night and
she went out to get a glass of water
and
her uncle
who was dead and had been dead since she
was about five or six
was sitting at the table
and told her don't go with them
and
she like told everyone the next morning
like
yeah i saw a ghost and they really calm
down
so she was freaked out and she didn't go
they all died in a car accident
um
so like my family kind of has these
weird connections and the other one with
me
was in the summer between grades six and
seven i'll just get these out here
um in the summer between grades six and
seven um my family was at the cottage
that um
i talked about in an earlier episode
reading the audiobook thing
um that we went to
uh most summers and we were there and i
had this
horrible nightmare like i would have
eventually i found out that there were
actually waking seizures
in that i would have that would cause
these dreams to be basically i'd wake up
and the dream would still be happening
um
but this nightmare that i was having was
that i was in a
city filled with ash and there were two
fires in the sky and it wasn't the sun
it was two fires yeah um
[Music]
and
freaking out saying there's gonna be a
big war like just and took forever for
my parents to calm me down
and
then so that was between grades six and
seven i started seventh grade and then 9
11 happened
and so i kind of do feel like there is
some kind of connection
to if it's a spiritual realm if it's
something that there is well keep in
mind some kind of being or other things
that kind of give us messages
but it's kind of it can't they're not
like
like this is another thing about like
going back to kind of aliens is like we
have a very limited idea of what god and
spirits and aliens are like when it
comes to aliens we think like mars
attacks we think uh little green men we
think like um even like even things like
um
not contact
arrival yeah um like those are kind of
like
that's the most out of the box aliens
that i've seen yeah um as far as also
kind of depicting what sufficiently
advanced technology would look like uh
there's nothing to say that aliens would
not exist physically that aliens
wouldn't have evolved from some kind of
energy uh collection and like a neuron
star or something yeah there's nothing
to say that you know interdimensional
travel is more feasible than faster than
light travel um well yeah like demand
like multi mult multiverse theory yeah
like
yeah absolutely
so like when it comes to that like when
when we talk about like there are beings
or gods out there like i don't strictly
believe that it's like a guy in the
clouds or like um a forest spirit
slipped into a pocket dimension like
those are really cool and i'd like those
to exist but like
um
[Music]
a concept of god or higher being might
also be a sort of another realm where
time doesn't exist the way it does here
or when where distance doesn't exist the
way it does here yeah um
and it's less a matter of like a being
or a consciousness and more a matter of
a reactive force that appears to have
consciousness because it responds to
stimuli
and really are are we so different but
yeah that's that's uh semantics um
when it comes to that
uh there
i i think a more significant amount of
events is like
weird occurrences on the planet that
have been happening for generations even
before aliens that we can't really
explain or reckon oh gosh excuse me or
reconcile um
uh
like the um the toronto werewolf thing
yeah
um and and for that i i would i once
again i want those things to be true i
want the world to be a little bit more
interesting
chaotic
uh i think the world's plenty chaotic um
but i i i do love the idea that
you know these stories that we have of
vampires and werewolves and aliens and
gods and witches and all that kind of
stuff that they are actually based in
reality yeah that there are and even if
these stories themselves aren't stickly
true or even if they don't accurately
they're embellished yeah that there
there is the presence of this kind of
this kind of hidden world out there yeah
because i don't
disbelieve in you know like witchcraft
and stuff like that like that there are
people who can do like minor forms of
witchcraft like tarot readings and
things like that a huge component of um
like witchcraft is not about is strictly
about like i'm going to cast a lightning
bolt it's about developing
a spell that kind of changes alters um
events for someone very slightly yeah um
you know and like they're they're going
to drop their code they're going to
start dropping their toast butter side
down consistently and it's always going
to be better side down yeah little ways
to kind of uh screw around with
probability like or someone is always
going to you know
like a good one kind of like always
going to win the lottery but it's always
going to be you know like that five
dollar one yeah yeah like that kind of
um
i like well yeah when i i do have a few
friends who are into like witchcraft
stuff hence how i who i went to about
when i saw that the the pigface man yeah
um and he's put together a few curses
now and then to screw with people who
have wronged him yeah in various ways
and he says like you know it's not going
to be like they're not going to die it's
just they're going to be severely
inconvenienced for a while yeah as long
as the energy from the spell kind of
keeps flowing out of the spell like it's
going to do that but like these things
are rarely permanent they're rarely
miasmas yeah um it's it is usually um
[Music]
you know like okay your heel is gonna
break when you're stepping onto the bus
or something like oh okay i just i
i had forgotten about this
um when my mom was first diagnosed with
cancer
and all the doctors
uh were saying like you know we're gonna
get this under control we're you know
we're gonna do chemo we're gonna do like
all the all the stuff that they had
planned um my
cousin mary you met her yeah um
she took my mom to like a fortune teller
tarot reader person
and so this was in
this was before she ended up in the
hospital in february so this was in
january this was right after her
diagnosis uh in january of 2021
um
[Music]
and she went to this fortune teller
person and they did a tarot reading and
my mom said asked you know am i going to
get through this
and
the tarot reader did her thing and said
okay here's the deal
you're not going to make it through this
but
when you go
you're not going to be in pain
and the people you love are going to be
with you
and that's exactly what happened
um yeah i mean it's like you know the my
because it was assisted suicide and
everything my mother kind of you know
self-fulfilling prophecy but you know in
january
because of 2021 it was every doctor
saying we can nail this especially yeah
and then this one random woman saying
it's not going to work but you're not
going to be in pain and we can refute
that like people like often kind of poo
hoo fortune tellers and kind of be like
uh
they they just tell you what you want to
hear i mean like that's absolutely not
what your mom wanted to hear at that no
um but like there was especially within
two weeks is when she ended up in the
hospital in february yeah and so that's
when she was convinced like
i'm not making it out of here yeah and
like i to an extent maybe that put your
mom that gave your mom some peace to be
able to move ahead and start actually
making plans
uh to
first i think so because she was very
proactive on that yeah um there was no
like i'm not going to plan it because if
i plan it it will come because there's a
lot of people who get sick and kind of
go through that she was like no i'm
everything's gonna be signed and dated
and like in an epipedian sense
when it comes to what an opinion and
obedience
okay like you know like the concept of
um the guy
he was told a terrible fortune at the
oracle of delphi and because he was so
pissed off that he heard this fortune he
ended up doing the things that made it
come true oh yeah yeah um edipedium in a
sense like that do you feel that uh sort
of fortune tellers and tarot and sort of
projecting senses of the future from uh
from a point of clairvoyance do you
think that the to an extent of that
becomes self-fulfilling prophecies
because your mom did make arrangements
to assure that she would not die
painfully and that she would be
surrounded by her loved ones um
and then and i mean she did do that
after the doctors finally came around
and said yeah there's no fixing this
yeah um
so you know like i said self-fulfilling
prophecy because it was you know
assisted suicide yeah um but one of
those granted it was supposed to be
assisted suicide with
three people in the room yeah and it
ended up being a party right by
circumstance entirely by circumstance
yeah so that kind of happened outside
completely outside of her control my
favorite things to explore in fiction is
the relationship between which it wasn't
a party to be like yeah she's dead it
was like a life celebration yeah
um
inspiration for the living wake movie
that james and a james nay
uh james live life live week live week
uh that we um we want to make one day
uh but like we ever get to oh stop it
one of my favorite because i i saw a
fortune teller when i was
13 my friend kaley took me to one
um
and
the fortune teller said that i would be
fabulously successful and i'm still
waiting for that
so one of my favorite tropes i think
they might have been full of [__] oh
[__] off you are kind of fabulously
successful like you look like look at
cape breton standards
by cape breton standard sure but like by
like you know my standards right and
we're going to work to that because
we're going to make movies and stuff but
yeah um
i'd love to learn tarot by the way how
to read tarot well i buy you that crow i
know but i'm always nervous to research
things on my own i'd rather be told i'd
rather have someone teach me how to do
it like on because like i'm sure there's
some witches in toronto absolutely um
toronto is one of i i'd another reason
to move toronto toronto is the weird
place in canada where all the weird
stuff opens up like toronto has a main
cafe uh what made cafe made cafe uh it's
like a japanese hooters but they dress
in uh the kind of fetishized made
outfits
oh do they have male waders no oh um but
they look like hilarious good time
because they all do cat poses
there is a
bar
in japan or maybe it's a cafe
um
where there are a bunch of
you know beautiful boys walking around
who
just kind of like pin each other against
walls and like
just as like you are surrounded by yowie
basically yeah
toronto is the place in canada where
those kind of stuff things would happen
yeah
um want to learn tarot yeah one of my
favorite things uh to explore in fiction
and fantasy in uh both in science
fiction and fantasy is the relationship
between human nature and prophecy yeah
i'm just fascinated by that as a trope
like kind of a discussion about like the
to what extent things become
self-filling prophecies to what extent
does irony factor into the fulfillment
of these prophecies like with star wars
um like anakin eventually anakin
balanced the force but that was after he
slaughtered the jedi to do it yeah um
like it was kind of a waiting games
thing where he actually did balance it
because by the end there were two jedi
and two fifths the whole the thing i
love about star wars is mythology and
don't give me a dime i will go off on
star wars is that the jedi
saw themselves as balance uh the jedi
were the balance uh so saying two jedi
versus two seth was imbalanced so the
jedi were the the the jedi were the
moderates yeah uh anakin and there were
no progressives exactly
um anakin balancing the force was
eradicating both the jedi and the sith
because they were both flawed systems
yeah and that's what i mean like to what
extent does prophecy interact with our
perception of how things are versus what
things could be or what things really
are yeah uh um
and so like you know the prophecy of
anakin fulfilling the force came true
but in absolutely the worst way possible
for what the jedi could have possibly
expected yeah um and i i i love that
trope in fiction like we get on on
streams asked all the time what's her
favorite trope and fiction stuff that's
it yeah i i eat that up like and that
goes back to oedipus like it's it's just
such an interesting trope because like
it does kind of pull on both like the
fantasy wish fulfillment strings as well
as the you know you need to be very
intellectual to properly write a good
prophecy in fiction yeah um and luckily
there are a lot of authors who can pull
that off really marvelously yeah um
brain fart
[Laughter]
yeah like um my family
is less prophetic
and more talk to dead people kind of
thing
mine don't talk to dead people dead
people talk to them
my mom apparently
i'm not sure to what extent that i
believe that my mom is able to kind of
commu like um
commune with people yeah
sometimes i remember my my mom's cousin
my
great aunt my aunt twice once removed i
can't remember i don't know my mom's
cousin uh would just call up my mom
being like are you okay
yeah because it was like she had a bad
dream about mom and it was like i need
to call jody to make sure he's okay one
time
i don't want to share too much um
my mom looked after a girl for a while
and this girl was in an abusive
relationship not horribly abusive
and mom you know really wanted to kind
of get her out of this but you know she
was like boundaries i need to sort of
respect this yeah
one day my mom wakes up and is like that
girl needs me
and she drives to belleville which is
two hours away from where we were drives
to belleville on a dime
uh this girl is sobbing like her life is
in shambles yeah it's been the last
straw with this guy
and she needs someone to move her into a
new place yeah like that day and she had
not talked to mom that day
um
my mom has sort of has this awareness of
her kids sometimes like that yeah people
close to her like that's that's what i
mean like i feel like i don't know if
that's like a personal awareness or if
i'm not unconvinced or i'm not convinced
that that's not
like psychic connections like that yeah
no not even a psychic connection but
like
a spirit or something like that and i
say spirit not a ghost like because like
a ghost is like in my mind a ghost is a
dead person but a spirit could be
anything yeah um a ball of energy yeah a
spirit kind of saying like
i saw this you need to go yeah um so is
it is it a psychic frequency or is it a
spirit messenger a demon as plato would
say yeah and like in my mind i kind of
go towards spirit because forever
we have had we have talked about spirits
like
since the beginning of human society
specifically as messengers and that's
the spirits in most early mythologies
yeah and so i like i'm not unconvinced
that you know that kind of thing
exists like there are so many stories of
people and i i like the ones who didn't
try and monetize it because i feel like
they're more legit but like the people
who woke up on the morning of 9 11 and
said i shouldn't get on that plane today
and they were like i'm going to take a
later flight and then
911 happened
or
you know people who
um
stuff like that uh
there there was one uh it was the
malaysia flight that just disappeared
yeah that there was uh a family was
supposed to get on did they eventually
find the wreckage i can't remember
but there was a family who was supposed
to get on that and the mom just had this
horrible feeling in the airport
um
and
she was like can we
can we get a different flight and and
the father was all stressed out because
they had to call american express and
american express had like flight
insurance blah blah blah like normally
people when they get a weird plane
anyway but like to have a feeling that
viscerally repulsive to say i need to
change this plane ticket immediately
yeah like that that's quite an
indication yeah uh that's that's really
interesting i'm i'm always invested in
that and and that's not just like a fear
of flying where it's like generally like
oh god what if the plane goes down yeah
it's just like people who are fuel
people who are comfortable flying being
like there's something wrong this time
yeah um one thing that happened with me
when i was much younger uh and this is
kind of related to the speaking to dead
people is mom does this very consciously
like she says that when she when people
who are close to her die she can feel
their energy passing
away like moving through this plane of
existence she says that she can feel
their final attitudes and kind of where
they're going and stuff
um she said she felt that way for her
many people but specifically her
great-grandmother who she was very close
to yeah um
and her now late husband who also um
passed away due to assisted suicide
um
oh and a great aunt that she knew that
was like my grandmother's best friend
um i i've yeah i get that because i
i have kind of been in that like when my
grandmother died i wasn't in the room i
wasn't in but but you knew when it
happened i knew when it happened like
when my mom died like i was holding her
hand but i knew when it happened before
the doctor said
that it had happened i don't quite
experience that i never really have the
closest i've ever come is it might be an
empath thing maybe but i've never
experienced it myself and i'm very like
kind of tuned to added moods that may or
may not exist
um
may or may not exist um
the only time i really ever had to
commune with dead people was my
great-grandfather um who passed away
when i was two less than that
um i had a little play phone with like
the wheels and stuff and i was talking
to him on the phone yeah and normally
like mom would write it off and stuff
because like she does have a bit of
skepticism herself
but like she says that i was saying i
was kind of relaying the message for
what he was saying and i was saying
things about him
that you shouldn't have known that i had
never learned yeah um or that i never
knew or i was never told i hear of stuff
like that happening all the time
especially with kids i never know to
which maybe it's just a matter like
we're all testing out psychic powers and
we kind of reject the ones that don't
well that's what i was going to say that
it might be like
like as kids we're a lot less skeptical
of these things and skepticism weeds out
the things that we don't necessarily
like yeah but i've never
for me it's a matter of like okay
because like for instance how many other
things that i say about recently dead
people like how many other times had i
talked about people that had been my
life that were gone that i sort of made
up stuff about them or kind of
uh just sort of made assumptions about
them that ended up being incorrect and
then grumps kind of brushed off he's
like oh of course he wouldn't know that
he's a kid yeah um like is it a matter
of response bias is a matter of sampling
bias like yeah uh and so that's why like
i want to believe these things but i'm a
little bit skeptic um you were saying
about kids and
oh no i was gonna ask like say you were
out camping yeah and you saw a ufo yeah
and your phone was dead you couldn't
record it or anything how many people
would you tell
very few exactly
so and you know i think that applies to
you know ufos uh spirits angels like any
kind of that kind of thing yeah that is
a bit of an embarrassment to talking
about yeah like i've for some reason
never had an embarrassment telling
people
these things because i'm just like yeah
if you don't like it [__] off
uh i'm weird deal with it um
but like
i think so many people may have these
experiences these worldly paranormal
experiences and then just never say
anything because they're like i will be
ridiculed so i don't know if this
qualifies as spirituality but when i was
younger we lived in the country a lot
yeah um like and you saw you've seen the
areas that i used to live in like it's
not like oh we lived on the edge of town
because we lived there too no i lived in
like the sticks sometimes
i was never afraid of the woods
um and in a way that my mom said that
made her unsaid unsettled her a little
bit i was never afraid to like just
venture out any time of day sometimes at
night and i never really went too far
but like just to go out and kind of just
walk around the trees um
[Music]
i never got lost i
never
got stranded i went far sometimes but i
always you know knew how to find my way
back yeah i've always been a bit of a
pathfinder that way
um
i i never had a fear of the woods the
way that my mom did or the way that
other people do
um and you've seen me and you've seen me
when i get into nature i turn into ghost
fast uh
yeah i leave the trail you see me again
sometimes
like i was that way as a kid like my
best friend um
and i actually when i was uh younger
like younger than five um
we both lived next to rather large
sections of woods
um in very rural
areas
um
and
the two of us were but like
fine going out into the woods all by
ourselves at night like any time of year
and like and like our parents would be
like where the hell were you like we
were in the woods and like we had no
fear of that but here here's the thing
like when it comes to going into the
woods see like the park nearby i would
never go to that tonight because i i
can't imagine what goes on there after
dark oh i would never go into the woods
alone at night now um i would never go
into the woods alone at night in an
urban center um so that would include
like parks like uh central park that
includes um
like where we shop
yeah stranger things where we shot the
stranger things video like i was like we
need to leave james i don't like being
here um if it's any place where people
have access to i won't go there at night
when did you say we had to leave for the
stranger things thing well not the
stranger things video um i i was kind of
suspicious of the person driving around
yeah uh and that's the thing i'm
suspicious of people not things that
exist in the woods yeah because
generally speaking those things will
avoid you like the plague like that the
place that i'm talking about that i
lived in the sticks like there were
these really weird chirping noises like
squawky chirpy noises yeah um and there
were also wild turkeys living around so
i was i was like they're just wild
turkeys whatever it's no big deal
um see there were coyotes where i was
and i lost several cats to coyotes uh
and that before
but before we decided okay the cats are
indoors now um but
like i was never afraid of the coyotes i
and like you could hear them at night
yipping yeah the thing is those chirping
noises we learned in montreal the
biodome one day that those were not
turkeys
those were in fact bobcats
yeah wild bobcats yeah and after
learning more about turkey noises after
learning about like wild turkey honestly
i'd rather take the bobcats than the
turkeys like oh yeah a bob's cat won't
attack you or turkey well amount of
things in the woods and this changes
depending on the region of course but in
central ontario this is very true there
everything in the woods
is going to avoid you like the plague
even bears it does not want to [__] with
human beings because even if it does
kill one human being i think there's an
awareness especially in wolves because
they're intelligent there's an awareness
that if we kill this thing others will
come for us yeah um because that's what
happens in nature yeah
like if a wolf kills a cougar they
recognize that we are pack animals yeah
because when they see us together and we
don't see them when they're looking
observing us because they do observe us
yeah like any time you're in nature
there are animals watching you yeah um
they're watching you masturbate um
if you're doing that in nature
what's nature what else is nature for
maybe you're just out enjoying a nice
walk
meanwhile the weirdo in the woods is
jerking off watching you
oh the kind of ones i like going into
don't have trails that's the thing so
um but yeah that's kind of like a really
creepy feeling
like
in when you're walking in the woods like
there are things in there that are
watching you they may be predator or
prey like it could be yeah and the only
place that this is really different is
places in canada with very dense forests
um that struggle to kind of produce
small life like rabbits or something
that uh packs of wolves can eat um the
west coast
uh has lots of mountain lions and
grizzly bears and grizzly bears won't
hunt you but they will attack you if you
go into their territory if you're or if
you get near their cub uh and mountain
lions are more so just completely
territorial but even then they will
prefer to push you out of territory
rather than yeah they'll growl yeah
they will i don't know if anyone saw
that video of that guy recording the
mountain lion that was kind of
walking down a path with him
um and someone pointed out in the
comments that like no this this thing
wasn't about to attack that guy this
thing was
pushing him out of her territory because
if she wanted to hunt him he would not
have had the time to get his phone out
yeah um and that's there was probably a
baby somewhere nearby
at like a baby cougar or
you said cougar right yeah it was a
cougar mountain lion those are the same
thing i think um so you know their their
kitten yeah uh was nearby and they were
like no no i'm getting rid of you
um you smell weird yeah like that kind
of thing because there is a danger when
it comes to human beings because because
we are large and even though we don't
have claws or anything i think and a lot
of animals recognize us of having very
strange tools and weapons at our
disposal and they don't like aliens yeah
exactly and they don't really complete
and these animals don't really
completely comprehend what's going on so
they would rather remove us from our
territory or ignore us if possible
rather than directly confront us yeah
and i think that's like that's one of
kind of brings it back to the the
paranormal supernatural is that
there are things in nature that we think
we you know nature like the woods that
we feel like we have a really good grasp
on that we really don't like the
behaviors of animals and how sometimes
animals that i get very upset when
people say that animals don't think
rationally because i'm like okay what is
reason yeah what is reason in that kind
because like when you want to get into
reason it's just an incredibly because
in philosophy there it's it's a
dichotomy of reason versus emotion and i
i wholeheartedly have always rejected
that in philosophy and i think that's
the main reason why i didn't get
invested in philosophy because i don't
necessarily believe there is a
difference between reason and
rationality because our reason and
emotion because it seems to me that you
know like
the the mindset is that oh
uh animals are guided by our emotions
because when they're hungry they just
eat and like how are humans any
different uh we just consume different
foods and we rationalize different foods
to kind of fulfill those needs
um animals are capable of reasoning pack
uh pack mentality um hunting practices
bees can interpret can can send messages
about the locations of flowers based on
interpretive dancing yeah bats have a
form of uh
um
communal currency where they use
regurgitated blood and the pack and the
the bunch this colony of bats keeps
track of which bats are selfish versus
which bats are more giving they'll make
friends with the giving bats but reject
but isolate the the selfish ones yeah um
so like the animal kingdom has all of
these things that we have typified as
being human behavior
but at the same time like i i can't
really say that the ability ability to
do math isn't in itself an emotion
because what do you get out of doing
that math equation yeah there is an
emotional payback from doing that
whether it's something you do
begrudgingly or something you do because
you want to be teacher's pet like
you know like there is a we we don't
rationalize for the sake of rational
rationalization we do it for the sake of
an emotional gain whether it is a
kickback or whether it is a career yeah
and like i
excuse me i don't know i don't know how
we got into nature stuff
nature's part is like nature is one of
the
two areas where the ancients believed
that magic existed whether it was in the
ocean or it came in the woods that's why
uh hecate uh the greek god of magic um
is a god of forests and
night pathways yeah uh through the
forest and she she very much is a
wilderness god and gods associated with
the woods and associated with wilderness
are typically gods associated with magic
also yeah um
and and that's kind of
closer to what i believe in the
spiritual sense about magic is that it's
a
an element of the world or a connection
within the world that kind of connects
it to itself yeah that there's this kind
of energy my vibrations to use my
grandmother's term like yeah and at the
same time and like
like people could say like oh you feel
like there's an energy around you
and like you're you're a
you know hippie weirdo but at the same
time
cern
is bit by bit proving that there is
unseen energy around us at the same time
these people wanted that's influencing
yes the dark matter is literally
influencing us
and we still don't know what it is but
we know that it has an effect and we're
investigating that in fact and pooh
hooing it isn't gonna you know make it
not real yeah just saying but again you
know it's a it's an energy instead of
dark matter it's kind of a nerd effect
where you know like the football jocks
will you know insult nerds for like kind
of paying homage via cosplay at the same
time okay so you go out to look at
football matches or soccer matches and
you get painted up in your colors and
you get the jersey and you get the hats
and it's like
every time you're watching a football
game at home in a jersey you're
cosplaying yeah and not just that you're
the sense of like i'm here showing
support for my team through my
television set showing support
hypothetically does not affect the
effect does not affect the gameplay
performance of the players no that in
itself is a superstition uh the the
concept of so many people play offbeard
it's another thing like i can't shave my
playoff beard or else it'll make bad
luck for my team it's like that how is
that not witchcraft that in itself is a
is a ritual you're waiting to to commit
a kind of magic and these are people who
would say witches don't exist but at the
same time
say that they have to you know if
they're watching the super bowl they can
only drink half a can of beer and like
or really is that a thing oh so i i'm
just making something up but like but
like like there are rituals according to
weird superstitions and rituals um
in which case
my team won't win if i don't do x x and
x the more you talk about this more i'm
like you need to play the game control
it's so good and it ties into all of
these things and it's fantastic
but yeah so i guess in closing
aliens are real
magic may or may not exist and if it
exists it likely does not exist in a way
that we are capable of comprehending
yeah i understand it's not coming
through wands but it
it's something
and
[Laughter]
the uh
alien there is no alien in area 54
because honestly the alien is a cover-up
for weapons development because that's
what's going on there if if the us
actually had a secret that they kept for
70 years
they only managed to keep the nuclear
bomb a secret how to make a nuclear bomb
for less than a decade
do you think they couldn't keep that
secret but they could keep a gray secret
and honestly like the fact that you know
like oh there are no aliens in 50 area
51 it's like okay well the american
government has been very sloppy on that
the aliens are a helpful cover-up for
actually covering up whatever weapons
they're developing there
it's not though no no because like if
there was anything really useful going
on at area 51
the worst thing to do would to say no
there's no aliens here
because everyone's like
you're lying and then they want to find
out about the aliens and then it's like
okay what else is in area i'm sad that
the raid on area 51 that happened in
like 2016 i'm sad that that wasn't like
a yearly ritual that people didn't show
up to area 51 like on i think it was
september
9th i can't remember the date i can't
remember um but you know like i i was
really
i was i was following that very closely
leading up to it and then i was
really excited that people actually
showed up and there were food trucks and
like people seemed to be having a fun
time when there was one person reporting
on it and someone in the background was
just doing a random naruto naruto run
yeah
i i i'm sad that that didn't keep
happening because it sounded like that
that could have been a fun ritual but
see it was dumb because they let
everyone know okay show up at area 51 on
this day
if there were things to hide you gave
them a chance to hide them yeah i think
it was less about having the chance to
hide them and more about developing like
it was like whenever
in 2020 when everyone joined um ant's
foot ants groups on facebook to just be
pretend to be aunt pretend to be ants
with all caps
like i did not do that i did it was a
fun time and still people until people
started saying that typing in all caps
was ableist and i was like okay the
joke's not funny anymore
all right i figured that's a good way to
end
or
we need to end it there on a healthy
dose of ableism yeah
uh
on a
yeah skepticism right there um so yeah
thank you for listening to episode 13 of
the padreon well absolutely nothing
spooky happened here today nothing well
i don't know we talked about the pig
face man that was the pig is really
unsettling my aunt getting you know
prophesied not to go with her friends
that all died blackmailed not to get in
the car yeah
all that stuff
um the other thing about that was the
next morning like she sat down with you
know her dead uncle and they both had a
glass of water and
when
everyone woke up the next morning there
was her glass of water on the table and
a half finished glass of water on the
table so it's like it's creepy
and you know not a real explanation of
it she might have been high and had two
glasses of water
but like you know
the the explanations are out there
the truth is out there
i don't know the ex theme anyway
yeah that's it
[Music]
no i've never seen an episode of the
x-files i've seen scattered ones jillian
anderson is hotter in hannibal
yeah she is so much hotter
um
also fun fun twitter account
i don't follow her
she has a fun twitter account anyway
okay uh this has been episode 13 of the
padreon my name is james
and we will see you again next week oh
and if you're still listening um
right ama this friday drop your
questions down in the comments below
i'll have that in the description but
you know just in case you missed that
but you're listening to this all right
have a great week guys